hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we'll be talking about a
film
called troll hunter be ready for some
spoilers ahead
a group of university students including
thomas
joanna and the cameraman are filming a
documentary about bear poachers
they heard from the locals about this
man called hans
who behaves weirdly and lives in a
public trailer park
they suspect that he is illegally
killing all the bears in the region
since he is confirmed to not have a bear
hunting license
they arrive at his trailer and see some
strange things
such as ultraviolet light stands and a
strong stench
coming from within the trailer park
manager also says the hans
drives off at night time and never comes
back until morning
this apparently happens every day the
group waits until the man returns
and tries to ask him some questions he
tells them to get lost
and goes into his trailer we can see
that the vehicle he drives
is full of large scratch marks unlikely
to have been caused
by bears next morning the group receives
the
news that another bear was found dead
they arrive at the scene
but to their surprise the bear hunter
says that the footprints do not match
how a bear normally moves
they question the wildlife supervisor
about the inconsistencies
but he simply shuts it off as nothing
later that night they follow hans deep
into the woods
through apparently a restricted area
they found his vehicle and continues on
foot
soon bright lights can be seen flashing
and hans runs at them
shouting troll the group runs with him
towards his car
but thomas is hurt by the monster
hans gives the group a ride to their car
but finds it flipped over
with tires missing the rims are also
covered in very suspiciously looking
slime
they question hans about the existence
of trolls
which the man reluctantly answers
thomas wants to follow hans as he hunts
for trolls
and he agrees to follow all instructions
made by the hunter
the next night the group goes into the
same woods to hunt down the troll that
hurt thomas the previous day
hans tells them to rub troll stench on
their body to cover the human smell
he also made sure that none of them are
christians
which seems like a weird request while
tracking the monster
we find out that the weapon hans uses is
a powerful
uv light apparently trolls turn to stone
or explode when exposed to a sufficient
amount of it
they eventually finds the monster which
has three heads
and is at least 30 feet tall the team
runs in fear
and plays hide and seek with the beast
in the dense forest
they make it to hans's car and he turns
on an extremely bright light
towards the troll its blood boils and
turns to stone
almost instantaneously the wildlife
manager we saw earlier
also arrives at the scene we learned
that this troll has damaged numerous
properties killed many tourists and
livestocks
they tried to cover up the incident by
using a dead bear from the zoo
and fake tracks the funny thing is they
seem to have gotten the wrong species of
bear one would think that the government
can hire
more professional people joking aside
though
we learned that apparently the
government does not want people to know
about the trolls existence
hans's job is to kill any troll that
leaves its territory
and the wildlife manager must hide the
truth from the public
sometimes later hans tracked down
another troll
that has left its territory this time he
needs to get a blood sample before
killing it
he uses sheeps and funny enough the
blood of a christian
to lure the monster out he then shows up
with a metal
armor to retrieve some blood samples
just looking at the size of the troll i
had a feeling that the armor would
crumble like paper
if struck by the monster luckily hans
survived the ordeal but probably
gained a few broken bones it turns out
the blood samples were for his female
friend who's also a veterinarian
hans probably wanted to show off his mad
skills to this lady
as she seemed to be more than just his
friend
joking aside she explains that trolls
cannot metabolize vitamin d
therefore explode or turn into stones
she requires a few days to analyze the
blood
and detect any abnormalities the group
continues to the epicenter of where all
the trolls are being forced away from
hoping to find the main cause after
tracking through a trail of destruction
they find the lair of the trolls and
proceeds to head
inside thomas and the rest hesitates
but hans assures them that monsters have
left
personally though his logic seemed a bit
shaky to me
just because they have left doesn't mean
they won't come back
it would be pretty awkward if they found
little people in their home
when they returned after exploring a
little bit inside the cave
hans confirms that there must be an army
of trolls living here
just by looking at their excrements
before they can leave
what i expected happens and they're
trapped
inside the cave the group quickly hides
in a small tunnel
and plans to wait it out however the
cameraman becomes
increasingly unstable and reveals that
he
is in fact a christian the monsters
smell the scent of the cameraman
and the group is forced to bail out
everyone runs while hans holds them off
with his light bulb
the group manages to escape except for
the cameraman who fell behind hans
decides that he must investigate the
epicenter
even though he does not want to they
hire a new camera woman who this time is
muslim
instead of christian i love how they
fail to mention to her
what happened to her predecessor they
make it to a cabin close to the
epicenter while hans upgrades his car
like it's from mad max fairy roads
the hunter gets a phone call from the
veterinarian who tells him that she
found rabies in the troll's blood
hans theorizes that a giant troll must
be spreading it to everyone
causing the attacks this also worries
thomas
since he was hurt by a troll which most
likely is infected
before they can finish their discussion
we see a gigantic troll the size of
godzilla appear
walking towards the group hans lures the
beast away with an awful christian music
which would annoy anyone not just the
troll
he was literally trolling the troll
hans then shoots a barrage of light
beams at it but it seems to have little
effect
the students then joins him in the car
and they circle around the beast to get
a better
angle on the road they pick up another
stranger
but little did he know it's probably
more dangerous in the car
than elsewhere they try to drive through
between the legs of the giant
but is knocked over instead thomas
regains
consciousness and sees that hans hasn't
given up yet
he carries with him a rifle of some sort
and walks towards the 200 feet
monster i have to say that at this point
that man is truly fearless he manages to
get close enough
shoots at the troll one last time and it
turns into stones
hans then leaves by foot like the lone
ranger he is
while the students are happy that they
have everything on footage
their celebration is cut short however
when the government agents captures
everyone
except for thomas who manages to escape
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you